Removed doc review from new files and added deprecated command template (#2486)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Added support for **xdrctemplate** to content graph.
* Fixed an issue where local copies of the newly-introduced `DemistoClassApiModule.py` were validated.
* Added new release notes templates for the addition and modification of playbooks, layouts and types in the **doc-review** command.

> * Fixed an issue where the **doc-review** command reviewed new files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> * Fixed an issue where the **doc-review** command reviewed new files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where the **doc-review** command failed on descriptions of new content items.
```
